Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Stonebridge?
Can you get him back?
Stonebridge, come in.
Stonebridge?
The transmitter's
been destroyed.
You have been
hiding people.
You're out of your mind.
What about the woman
you met in the bar?
Which woman?
You were there, what,
five minutes?
Mmm-hmm.
With you in the lift.
Oh, her.
Yeah, I don't know
where she is.
But you have
hidden her.
You will take us to her.
What for?
Fuck!
Fuck you.
You will take us. Now.
Going up?
So, the man with Stonebridge said
we can stop looking for Latif.
You think he was Latif?
We'll find out soon enough.
That lobby is laced with
explosives, General.
You attempt an assault,
the blood of those hostages
will be on your hands.
And if Pakistani intelligence
had done their job in the
first place, Major,
those terrorists wouldn't
be in that hotel.
General, my men
need more time.
If that man is Latif,
Colonel Grant, your men
are already dead.
You don't know that.
And you don't know how
many more hostages will
be murdered if I delay.
General, please.
Give my men a chance
to resolve this.
From the inside.
You have until sunrise.
Thank you, sir.
♪ Strike Back 02x02 ♪
Episode 2
Original Air Date on August 14, 2011
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
♪
At least we found Latif.
That is Latif, isn't it?
Uh, yeah.
What do you mean?
Porter was really the one
who dealt with Latif.
When I saw him, he was really
far away, it was kind of dark.
You never saw
Latif, did you?
Not really, no.
You fucking prick.
It's this floor.
Move.
I want blow-ups of
every single person
on CCTV in this hotel.
We've checked with 6,
and CIA, no one has
anything on Mahmood.
Major, can you
enlighten us?
Major, this is not just
about the hostages,
or my men,
but capturing Latif.
"Mahmood" is a code name.
For a weapons scientist
who leaked secrets to
our intelligence service
for nearly a decade.
So you know him.
We don't know his
true identity,
only that he was going to
surrender to me this evening,
at the Royal Lotus Hotel.
I was on my way there
when I got your call.
You knew all this,
and you didn't think
of telling us before?
It's highly classified.
And frankly, not
something our government
wanted the British
or American governments
to know.
But Latif knew,
didn't he?
That's why he's in Delhi.
Why is this weapons scientist
so important to him?
Mahmood went quiet nine
years ago,
after the start
of the Iraq war.
He resurfaced only last
month, out of the blue,
requesting protection in
exchange for information.
What kind of information
was he offering?
Secrets about weapons
of mass destruction.
Chemical, biological,
radiological, and nuclear.
Hey!
He says, "Rise,
my brother."
He did not know you
are Muslim.
He will not harm the faithful.
He's a boy!
No, please, no!
In there.
You are sure?
It's
okay. Shh, shh.
She must've left.
Where is she?
You wave that thing
around an awful lot.
Where?
I don't know.
Kill me and you're
never gonna find out.
Then I will kill him.
Ten seconds.
Don't tell him, Scott.
No worries, buddy.
I really don't know where she is.
That's good.
I have no idea what you're saying.
In English, is that five?
You can kill him, but I really
don't know where she is.
You shot?
- A ricochet.
- Come on.
The balcony. Move, move!
Right behind
you, Scott. Right behind you.
Move, move, move!
Got it?
Move, move, move, move.
Come on.
Better let
me look at that, Scott.
I need
you to wait there for me,
okay? Just stay there.
- Fuck.
- Get down.
Oh.
Come here. With me.
Fuck!
What a waste.
Here. Tell me I can
dance again, buddy.
We'll see.
Colonel.
Turn it up.
...that at least
four hostages are still alive.
We can now replay for
you the events just
captured on camera.
Four people, believed to be
among the hostages, were seen
running from terrorists.
Tell General Kohli
our men are alive.
Ow!
Fuck!
You find the fucking
thing already?
Yeah, I found it.
It's lodged against
your femoral artery.
Shit.
One slip of my knife, you're
gonna bleed to death all
over this nice shiny floor.
Shit.
You kill me, your wife's
gonna be real pissed.
Oh!
No more jokes
about the wife.
Since these might be your last
few moments on earth,
you want to tell me
about Iraq?
The cradle of civilization,
where writing and
the wheel were invented?
About your
dishonorable discharge, you tosser.
I'm assuming you're a
damn good soldier,
seeing as you're not dead,
and neither are those
two girls out there.
Oh, wow. Paying me
compliments now, huh?
Guess I just pissed off
the wrong Chairborne Ranger.
What do you mean?
One day I'm heading
Delta squadron,
searching for those WMDs,
and we got a tip-off about
some chemical weapon convoy
outside Ramadi.
But something didn't
add up, you know?
I questioned the intel,
next thing I know, I'm up
on charges of possession.
Yeah. They found two kilos
of opium in my locker.
Then you got what
you deserved.
The fucking dope wasn't
mine, dickhead.
You telling
me you were set up?
You're quick.
I guess somebody wanted
me out of Delta.
Yeah, but you don't know
who or why, do you?
Well, we'll find out.
And when I do, I'm going
to hang that
motherfucker's
head on a stick.
My God.
Hey.
Wow.
Hey, nice work.
Belt. Slowly.
Look at that.
Looks like you'll live.
That's impressive.
I'm sorry for those bad things
I said about you, buddy.
What bad things?
Pretty much everything I say
about you behind your back.
That's all right.
I can take it.
Ow!
What do we do now?
Hey.
Come here, sweetheart.
I need you to hide in here
for a couple more minutes.
I'll be right outside.
What's this about?
You need to answer
some questions.
Starting with who
the fuck you are.
My name's Iman Zubedah.
I work for a cosmetics
company in London.
You have a passport,
Iman Zubedah?
I think it's in my
hotel room, I...
I don't know. I
lost it somewhere.
Hmm.
That's convenient.
I'm telling you the truth.
These men out here? They've
been trying to kill us.
Now you expect me to believe
that's all because you sell lipstick?
I don't know. They must have me
muddled up with someone else.
Who's Mahmood?
What?
Honey, I just got shot in
the leg,
and it's making
me real cranky.
You better start telling
me the truth. Right now.
Who's Mahmood?
He's my husband.
Where is this husband now?
Get me out of here,
and I'll take you to him.
Get her.
Come on.
Going left, buddy.
Get down. Down!
I got a dead end.
I see a body.
Damn it.
Do you know her?
Yeah.
It's the other girl
I met in the bar.
She meant to give me that.
Here.
Colonel, it's Stonebridge.
Michael?
Sorry for
the interruption.
You have less than an
hour before the Indian Army
launch an assault
on the hotel.
You have to stop them.
Stay there.
These gunmen will
kill everyone.
It's impossible. They
won't be stopped.
Have you located
Mahmood?
No, but I have someone here
who claims to be his wife.
Iman Zubedah.
Iman Zubedah?
You know the name?
She was born
in Britain.
Moved to Pakistan in 1990.
Worked as a research scientist
for Dr. Quadeer Khan on our
weapons program.
You're saying
she's Mahmood?
She's the right age.
She must be.
Stonebridge?
Is Zubedah near you?
Yeah, of course,
she's...
Fuck!
She's running. She's
running! Scott!
Coming!
Get her back.
What's going on?
Zubedah's Mahmood.
Shit.
Come on.
Hey, honey. I need you to be
really brave and stay there,
okay? You understand?
We'll be right back,
I promise.
Okay.
Going left?
Yeah.
Going right.
Get out.
Let me go, please!
Come here! You seriously think you're
gonna get out of here without me?
I'll take my chances.
Just let me go!
Okay.
Hands off. Okay?
Just relax.
Don't get crazy.
I heard what you
said back there.
What did I say?
Those WMD you were
supposed to find.
The chemical convoy...
There were no WMDs in Iraq.
There were supposed to be.
You're not making
any sense.
They were meant to be
there. Planted there.
But the plot was aborted
on the eve of the invasion,
and the organization behind
it hid the weapons.
I know who took them,
I've known all along.
That's why Latif wants me.
So that he can use those
weapons against the West.
If what you're saying is true,
then the Brits and the Americans,
they will protect you.
What, like they protected you
when you started asking
too many questions?
What are you saying?
You still don't
get it, do you?
The organization who hid
those weapons
can't afford for anyone
to know.
I can't afford
to let you go.
Come on.
Fuck!
Hey.
It's okay.
Fuck!
Doctor Zubedah. Or should
I call you "Mahmood"?
Scott?
Mahmood's
gone. So is Scott.
Scott is expendable.
She is not.
Latif knows the assault's
coming.
He must have an
escape route.
Then find it.
Copy that.
Hurry up. Move!
Where are
you taking me?
Somewhere we can talk.
And then you'll kill me.
That depends
on what you have to say.
One,
two, three.
Shit.
Fuck me.
Yes, sir.
As you can
see, the police are pushing
us back at the moment.
It's probably to prevent us
from filming an assault...
It's beginning.
on the building. We have to
assume that the terrorists...
Why are we stopping?
Hey.
Shh.
Come here.
Hey, buddy.
She needs to go
to the bathroom.
Toilet.
She has to pee.
Translate.
Translate!
I have been sitting there
watching you, and praying.
Praying you push that
button in your hand.
When you do, the people
you have terrorized will
suffer no more.
We will feel the warmth
of Allah's embrace,
for we have raised our
arms against no man.
But you, you who kill innocents
in the holy name of Allah,
You will feel the wrath and
damnation of the almighty God
whose faith you have defiled.
I will kill her!
I will kill...
Are you okay?
You all right?
Are you all right?
Good.
I know you've been through
a lot,
but I need you to
come with me.
Come on.
Come on, buddy.
Please.
Come on. She's
a little kid.
Please.
Thank you.
Okay. Here we go.
Um, here's a good
spot. Okey dokey.
All right. Now, I need
you to be brave.
Be brave, okay? Go down.
Go on, crouch down. Make
yourself real small.
Atta girl.
Here you go. Yeah.
It's a big scratch, huh?
All right,
all right.
Hey. I'm gonna
be right back. I promise.
You wait there.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm coming.
Now!
Whoa!
Fuck me.
Nice catch, buddy.
Nice catch.
Bye.
These are friends.
Good work, Sergeant.
Gentlemen. Good
to have you back.
No kidding.
Captain, let's
get you to a hospital.
Yes, ma'am.
Colonel, this is
Iman Zubedah.
Doctor, I'm Colonel Grant,
British Military Intelligence.
This is Major Ashkani,
Pakistani ISI.
He's here to guarantee
your safety.
I'm so sorry we missed
our appointment.
Me too.
Please. We should let the
medics check you over.
Thank you.
Come, it's okay.
It's all right.
And Latif?
Job done, Colonel.
This is what you
wanted, isn't it?
Latif dead?
I'm glad for you.
And you?
Twelve hostages killed,
at last count.
Three of my men.
I will be hung
in the press,
denounced by
the politicians,
forced to retire,
no doubt.
And your conscience?
It's clear.
The kitchen's
a disaster.
These idiots
completely destroyed it.
I told them we had a contract,
now I can't find it. I've
checked everywhere.
The drawer, upstairs...
I must have thrown it out when
I was clearing up and...
Oh God, listen
to me, ranting about cabinets.
I'm sorry, darling. It's
probably the last thing you
want to hear right now.
No.
No, no, it's...
I think it's exactly what I
need to be hearing right now.
Michael,
when are you coming home?
So what will
happen with Zubedah now?
I'm to accompany her to an
Indian Army facility,
where she'll be questioned.
We'll share what we learn
with you. Every word.
Thank you, Major Ashkani.
It's been a
pleasure, Colonel.
Driver.
It's okay.
How long before
face recognition?
Five,
ten minutes most.
- Captain.
- Hi.
Looking good.
Thank you.
Colonel.
You're immune
to my charms?
Isn't everyone?
Your turn.
Yeah, thanks for warming
the seat, buddy.
What's that?
It's a list of my
requirements if I'm gonna
come work for Section 20.
Work for Section 20?
I want a salary that's
competitive with top-tier PMCs,
living allowance,
and private health
insurance, of course,
unlimited expenses, and
business-class travel twice
a year back to the States.
Oh, and there's a couple of debt
collectors I'd like paid off, too.
Hmm. So, is that all?
No. But the rest of
it is in that folder.
Need I remind you, Mr. Scott,
that you were dishonorably
discharged from the
United States military,
and that you are considered
unemployable, even by the
private military contractors?
True.
But need I remind you that I
practically handed Latif to
you on a silver platter?
You were brought in
to identify Latif,
a man whom it turned out
you'd never even seen.
Well now you've seen him.
And me and your boy back there
saved the lives of all those hostages.
Sergeant Stonebridge briefed
us on your contributions,
and we greatly appreciate them.
Oh, You appreciate my
contributions.
Are you fucking kidding me?
That hotel would have gone up in
flames if it weren't for us!
Let me tell you about
the conditions under
which I would consider
offering you employment
at Section 20.
You are to be paid at scale, with
no extra privileges whatsoever.
You are to follow every
order you are given to the T,
and maintain proper
military discipline and
respect at all times.
And you are to stop hitting on
every woman within arm's length,
or I will prosecute you
for sexual harassment.
I don't think you'll get a
better offer, or,
indeed, any offer
anywhere else.
Deal.
Thanks.
Could we be making a mistake?
Oh, quite possibly.
I'm in, buddy.
Well, well. Wonders
never cease.
You're just jealous
'cause she wants me.
Come on, I'll
buy you a drink.
Deal.
I need to talk to you about
something first, though.
Okay.
Stonebridge? Scott?
This is the man from the
hotel, isn't it?
The man that we think is Latif?
That's right.
Yeah.
According to the GCHQ database,
this man is Abasi Sawalha.
He's the leader of an obscure
Yemeni terror group thought to
be sympathetic to Latif.
If that ain't Latif,
then who the fuck is?
Colonel!
Is this right?
I don't know.
I've not been to
the base before.
This isn't right.
What's going on?
What's going on? Tell me!
Shit.
What's going on?
Why are we stopping?
Fuck!
Why are we stopping!
Ahhh!
You will tell me everything
I need to know.
Who's
the dead guy?
That's the real
Major Ashkani.
Learn from this.
Latif outmaneuvered us all.
I brought him here,
into the crib.
And delivered Mahmood
right to him.
Remember it, his victory.
It will not happen again.
You going somewhere?
Mmm.
Hmm?
Yeah.
Why? We still
have time.
We can't do this anymore.
Michael, we've
spoken about this.
I know.
But Kerry and I
are trying to...
You were kids when you met.
You didn't even know who you
were, you said so yourself.
That doesn't change anything.
I love you.
Stop.
You love me.
We both need to just stop.
You sure you can?
Michael...
Hey, buddy.
Hi.
So, what are we
doing back here?
Like to rub salt
in the wound?
I wanted to talk to
you outside the crib.
What about?
John Porter.
He could have coded that
message a dozen different ways
Section 20 could have recognized,
but he didn't, did he?
He used a code only one
other person in the world
knew about, and that was you.
Why?
Porter wanted you inside
the Section,
but I'm fucked if I know why.
Yes you do.
...sad fucking pricks!
Porter didn't trust
Section 20?
Got it in one, buddy.
I can't believe that.
Come on. You and Kate
had John's position in
Lahore, right?
Bring me Latif's
head on a plate.
We're clear!
They've moved him.
Only, Latif moved just
before you got there.
How did he know?
This is insane.
Whoever sold John out
has eyes on section 20,
No.
or someone connected to section 20.
Either way works out
to the same thing.
Shit.
All right. Kyle...
We lost a good
man that night!
John Porter.
Fuck.
Latif knew John's name.
Think John would have
given that up?
No.
There's something more.
You didn't beg Grant for
a job just to get back
to soldiering, did you?
Zubedah told me about a
plot to plant WMDs in Iraq.
The organization
who hid those weapons can't
afford for anyone to know.
John knew whoever set
him up, the WMDs, Latif,
Mahmood, Project Dawn,
the whole fucking conspiracy
somehow connects back with
what happened to me in Iraq.
Hmm.
You don't want to prove all
this just to end up with a
bullet in your brain, do you?
Not really, no.
Sounds like you need someone
to watch your back, mate.
So do you, buddy.
So do you.
Come on.
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org